<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>SVU Game Documentation</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1> SVU Game Documentation </h1>
        <h2> Introduction </h2>
        <h2> Character Generation </h2>
        <div class="paragraph"> 
            Characters are represented by a set of attributes that relate to 
            the innate ability to perform a set of actions. Attributes are 
            represented as numbers between 0 and 100. An attribute score of 10 
            is considered to be about average. The following chart gives an 
            indication of what attribute values mean. 
        </div>
        <div>
            <table align="center" cellpadding="10pt">
                <tr><th>Value</th><th>Descriptor</th></tr>
                <tr><td>00-05</td><td>Poor</td></tr>
                <tr><td>06-09</td><td>Below Average</td></tr>
                <tr><td>10-13</td><td>Average</td></tr>
                <tr><td>14-17</td><td>Above Average</td></tr>
                <tr><td>18-21</td><td>Excellent</td></tr>
                <tr><td>22-25</td><td>Exceptional</td></tr>
                <tr><td>26-29</td><td>Superior</td></tr>
                <tr><td>30-33</td><td>Phenomenal</td></tr>
                <tr><td>34+</td><td>Legendary</td></tr>
            </table>
        </div>
        <div class="p"> The attributes are grouped according to physical, social, 
            and mental abilities. Physical attributes are strength, agility, and 
            endurance. Social attributes are perception, dexterity, and charisma. 
            Mental attributes are intelligence, wisdom, and concentration. A 
            character also has two derived attributes, which are health and 
            spirit. Health is derived from the physical attributes of endurance 
            and strength (HP = (2*END+STR)/3), while spirit is derived from the 
            mental attributes of focus and wisdom (SP = (2*FOC+WIS)/3). As a 
            character sustains physical damage, health is reduced. If health is 
            completely depleted, the character is incapacitated. As a character 
            utilizes skills, spirit is reduced. If spirit is completely depleted, 
            a character cannot perform any skill-dependent actions.
        </div>
        <div class="p"> Characters are created by distributing 100 attribute 
            points across the 9 attributes. Therefore, if each attribute was set
            at 11 (with one at 12), the resulting character would be entirely 
            balanced, but completely average. In this case, the chance of success 
            for this character of completing an action of average complexity 
            would be 36%. Investing one skill point in the skill associated with 
            the action would improve the chance of success to 62%.
        </div>

    </body>
</html>
